feat: [CDS-87547]: Release notes for 82002 (#4873)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

   The name of the corresponding user group created in Harness will retain the special symbols as present in the user group of the SCIM provider. Example: For a user group in SCIM with the name `Harness.Group?Next#Gen-First`, the user group created in Harness will have the same `name`: `Harness.Group?Next#Gen-First`.

### Version 24.01.82002

#### Hotfix

> - In Http Step if a MTLS server was used, task was not assigned to any delegate. This issue has now been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the HTTP step, when a MTLS server was used, the task was not assigned to a delegate. (CDS-87547)

   This issue has been fixed.
```

   The name of the corresponding user group created in Harness will retain the special symbols as present in the user group of the SCIM provider. Example: For a user group in SCIM with the name `Harness.Group?Next#Gen-First`, the user group created in Harness will have the same `name`: `Harness.Group?Next#Gen-First`.

### Version 24.01.82002

#### Hotfix

> - In the HTTP step, when a MTLS server was used, the task was not assigned to a delegate. (CDS-87547)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the HTTP step, when a MTLS server was used, the task was not assigned to a delegate. (CDS-87547, ZD-55531)
```
